README.md, before:

# QA-SoftwareCore-Practical-Project-Specification

## Scope
The requirements set for the project are below. Note that these are a minimum set of requirements and can be added onto during the duration of the project.

The requirements of the project are as follows:
* A project management board (Kanban board on Jira) with full expansion on user stories, acceptance criteria and tasks for the project.
* Code fully integrated into a Version Control System (GitHub) using the Feature Branch Model: main/dev/features
* A Risk assessment which outlines the issues and risks faced during the project time frame.
*A relational database used to store data persistently for the project, this database needs to have at least 2 entities, to demonstrate your understanding, you are also required to model a relationship with an ERD.
* A functional application created in the OOP language, following best practices and design principles, that you have covered during training that meets the requirements set on your Kanban Board with a functioning front-end website and integrated APIs.
* A functional application front-end which connects to the back-end API.
* A build of your application, including any dependencies it might need, produced using an integrated build tool.
* Code ran through a static analysis tool (SonarQube), with relevant refactoring of your code according to analysis smells, bugs and vulnerabilities.
* Fully designed test suites for the application you are creating, as well as automated tests for validation of the application. You must also meet 80% test coverage in your backend and provide consistent reports and evidence to support a TDD approach.

## Constraints
The time constraint of this application will be discussed when the specification is given out, as this can fluctuate based on several factors.

The other constraint for this is certain technology that needs to be used. The application needs to utilise the technology discussed during the training modules. The tech stack required would be the following:
* Version Control System - Git
* Source Code Management - GitHub
* Kanban Board - Jira
* Database - MySQL Server 5.7+ (local or cloud hosted)
* Back-end Programming Language - Java
* API Development Platform - Spring
* Front-end web technologies - HTML, CSS, JavaScript
* Static Analysis - SonarQube
* Build Tool - Maven
* Unit Testing - JUnit & Mockito
* Integration Testing - JUnit
* Automated Testing - Selenium

Commit message:

Updated the development README.md file

README.md, after:

# QA-SoftwareCore-Practical-Project-Specification

## Development Branch
GITFLOW model means to have a commit channel parallel to the main branch (main branch becomes production branch).
All features are branched from the development branch and merged to the development branch when approved.



## Scope
The requirements set for the project are below. Note that these are a minimum set of requirements and can be added onto during the duration of the project.

The requirements of the project are as follows:
* A project management board (Kanban board on Jira) with full expansion on user stories, acceptance criteria and tasks for the project.
* Code fully integrated into a Version Control System (GitHub) using the Feature Branch Model: main/dev/features
* A Risk assessment which outlines the issues and risks faced during the project time frame.
*A relational database used to store data persistently for the project, this database needs to have at least 2 entities, to demonstrate your understanding, you are also required to model a relationship with an ERD.
* A functional application created in the OOP language, following best practices and design principles, that you have covered during training that meets the requirements set on your Kanban Board with a functioning front-end website and integrated APIs.
* A functional application front-end which connects to the back-end API.
* A build of your application, including any dependencies it might need, produced using an integrated build tool.
* Code ran through a static analysis tool (SonarQube), with relevant refactoring of your code according to analysis smells, bugs and vulnerabilities.
* Fully designed test suites for the application you are creating, as well as automated tests for validation of the application. You must also meet 80% test coverage in your backend and provide consistent reports and evidence to support a TDD approach.

## Constraints
The time constraint of this application will be discussed when the specification is given out, as this can fluctuate based on several factors.

The other constraint for this is certain technology that needs to be used. The application needs to utilise the technology discussed during the training modules. The tech stack required would be the following:
* Version Control System - Git
* Source Code Management - GitHub
* Kanban Board - Jira
* Database - MySQL Server 5.7+ (local or cloud hosted)
* Back-end Programming Language - Java
* API Development Platform - Spring
* Front-end web technologies - HTML, CSS, JavaScript
* Static Analysis - SonarQube
* Build Tool - Maven
* Unit Testing - JUnit & Mockito
* Integration Testing - JUnit
* Automated Testing - Selenium
